Add fetcher test info to developer documentation (#11873)
JabRef/jabref: docs/code-howtos/testing.md

Set the environment variable `DBMS` to `mysql`.

## Fetchers in tests

> Fetcher tests could be done by executing the Gradle task `fetcherTest`. This could be done by typing the following in the command line:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fetcher tests can be run locally by executing the Gradle task `fetcherTest`. This can be done by the following command in the command line:
```

```shell
./gradlew fetcherTest
```

> Or, if one is using IntelliJ, by double-clicking `fetcherTest` in the Gradle sidebar; this could be found through the following path: `JabRef > Tasks > other`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, if one is using IntelliJ, this can also be done by double-clicking the `fetcherTest` task under the `other` group  in the Gradle Tool window (`JabRef > Tasks > other > fetcherTest`).
```
